Game where cat comes in every 10 seconds to fuck up your tasks and you gotta time the more time-consuming tasks so the cat won't interrupt you

Overcooked + cooking mama + red light green light

Swipe, click and hold, spam clicks to gather ingredients
click and spin to cook

Characters:
  witch - surprised, cooking, gathering
  cat - attacking, stalking, bell warning
Ingredients:
  newt, root, frog
Background:
  cauldron phase, ingredients phase
Title:
  Paranoid witch with cat stalking in background
Music:
  Spooky, stalking tension, mischief

---

Game play strategy:

AI action
|-----threat-----|-----passive-----|

player should respond with
|-----cook-------|-----gather------|
expends resources| gains resources

Cooking phase:

Play the minigame correctly for 10s. Spin in the correct direction to cook. Counterspin at the right timing to deflect cat sabotage. Player will convert 100% of resources to points if done optimally. Cat will sabotage randomly at 5-9 seconds of cooking corresponding to 50-90% of resources converted to points. Warning animation and sound will play before attack. 9 second attack window should have shortest warning and window to counter. Worst case scenario, player does nothing and converts zero points while cat will swipe all resources after 5-9 seconds.

Gather phase: 

Player has choice between 3 resources that require different click actions: click and swipe, click and hold, rapid-click
Within 10s player must optimize gathering between 3 resources.
Randomly have one HQ item out of 3 that yields more resources.
Player must decide if it is worth going for HQ item if you are low on a different resource. Threat of cat and greediness for HQ items will cause tension.
If player is too greedy for a resource, cat will swipe all resources of type being gathered. If player idles at gather screen randomly swipe a resource. Cooldown for swiping items... 5 seconds. Worst case scenario: in 10 seconds, cat swipes you 3 times. (0, 5, 10 second mark of cat attack window)

Optimal scoring consists of:

Perfect timing of transitioning between threat and passive phases
Perfect counter all cooking sabotage attempts (highest resource to point conversion)
Always gather HQ resource when available (highest resource gather rate)

Non-optimal but still viable:

Time cat swipes on a near zero resource. Keep gathering HQ resource during attack cooldown.
If too resource heavy can prioritize cooking even in passive phase.

---

Extra animation and effects:

Click and hold cauldron transitions to cooking scene. Try lerp + zoom/fade.
Release cauldron click and default to resource gathering scene. Clicking resource stays on gather scene.
Add red lighting effect to cat eyes.
Add screen effects indicating player is in wrong position if cat is attacking and player is still in gathering room.
